This part of the request is called the header section as it contains the headers.
Headers are additional data about the request itself.
A lot of these headers are standardized and contain information like;
what type of browser is making the request,
what kind of format the browser supports and
what version of the document is already available in the browser's local cache.
All of these headers are optional except for the host header.
The smallest request that can be made would
only consist of the first line and the host header.
At a first glance,
a response looks very similar to a request.
The biggest difference is probably the first line.
Here you can find out the status code of a response that
indicates if your request was fulfilled successfully,
if the document was not found or if the server wants to redirect you somewhere else.
Just like with a request,
the next section is the header section.
It not only contains data about the document,
but also about the server and the connection.
Again most of these headers are optional.
The only obligatory header is content length
to tell the client how many bytes of data it should expect.
After the headers and an additional empty line,
the actual document is sent.
This can be a JPEG image an HTML document or whatever you want to transfer to the user.